# cartographierV2
Une évolution du projet Cartographier.py de @yrigaudeau
Our project is part of sustainable development effort in rural commune of Dankassari region of Niger. We took over the work of students who had worked on this project to improve his program and add new features. These new features had to be compatible with Marie-Françoise Roy expectations, who coordi-nates the expectations. This program is called Cartographier.py, it consists of the analysis of Excel sheets that contains data, then it extracts information to generate an interactive map in HTML format of the Dankassari. This interactive map enables to see in which village the actions were set and conversely the actions set in each village.
Among the novelties brought to the project, we have first integrated new map backgrounds thanks to Car-tONG. These map backgrounds highlight certain topography’s aspects such as roads, tracks, paths, or satellite views. 
In addition, the interactive map allows us to click on a village to display information about it and the details of activities. We added the possibility within the map to extract these actions. Moreover, in case of a map dysfunction or connexion issue, that must not be already spread in Niger, we thought about an “online” solution and an “offline” solution that both lead to the same result
To help Marie-Françoise Roy’s work with her collaborators, we have indeed created an online version of Cartographier.py. Thus, to generate a map, the user can upload the Excel data sheets and choose back-ground map. It is then possible to consult and display the map in several forms. All our work is contained on this platform. 
This overview hides many more features, if you have any questions don't hesitate to ask us details about this project.
Here is the blog that explains, broadly speaking, the project's functioning : https://blog.univ-angers.fr/istiaprojetsei2/2022/06/08/projet-niger/
